---
title: Privacy Policy
category: Legal
position: 8
date: 2020-04-02
date_label: Effective date
slug: privacy-policy
---

## 1. Introduction

Welcome to __Kodegenix Sp. z o.o.__.

__Kodegenix Sp z o.o.__ ("Kodegenix", "Company", "us", "we", or "our") operates https://opereon.io (hereinafter 
referred to as __"Service"__).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to https://opereon.io, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose 
information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information 
in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy 
have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Our Terms and Conditions (__"Terms"__) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes 
your agreement with us (__"agreement"__).

## 2. Definitions

* __SERVICE__ means the https://opereon.io website operated by Kodegenix.

* __PERSONAL DATA__ means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other 
information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

* __USAGE DATA__ is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure 
itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* __COOKIES__ are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

* __DATA CONTROLLER__ means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) 
determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the 
purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

* __DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of 
the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more 
effectively.

* __DATA SUBJECT__ is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

* __THE USER__ is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of 
Personal Data.

## 3. Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## 4. Types of Data Collected

<p></p>

### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used 
to contact or identify you (__"Personal Data"__). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not 
limited to:

1. Email address

1. First name and last name

1. Phone number

1. Address, Country, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

1. Cookies and Usage Data

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information 
that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following 
the unsubscribe link.

### Usage Data

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service 
by or through any device (__"Usage Data"__).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser 
type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on 
those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access Service with a device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of device you use, 
your device unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device operating system, the type of Internet browser 
you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Location Data

We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (__"Location Data"__). We use 
this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.

You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.

### Tracking Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to 
your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags 
and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not 
accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

1. Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

1. Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

1. Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

1. Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you 
and your interests.

### Other Data

While using our Service, we may also collect the following information: sex, age, date of birth, place of birth, 
passport details, citizenship, registration at place of residence and actual address, telephone number (work, mobile), 
details of documents on education, qualification, professional training, employment agreements, non-disclosure 
agreements, information on bonuses and compensation, information on marital status, family members, social security 
(or other taxpayer identification) number, office location and other data.

## 5. Use of Data

Kodegenix uses the collected data for various purposes:

1. to provide and maintain our Service;

1. to notify you about changes to our Service;

1. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;

1. to provide customer support;

1. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;

1. to monitor the usage of our Service;

1. to detect, prevent and address technical issues;

1. to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it;

1. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, 
including for billing and collection;

1. to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, 
email-instructions, etc.;

1. to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which 
we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not 
to receive such information;

1. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

1. for any other purpose with your consent.

## 6. Retention of Data

We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 
We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, 
if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal 
agreements and policies.

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, 
except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are 
legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## 7. Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of 
your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those 
of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Poland and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, 
including Personal Data, to Poland and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that 
transfer.

Kodegenix will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in 
accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or 
a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal 
information.

## 8. Disclosure of Data

We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:

### 8.1. Disclosure for Law Enforcement.

Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or 
in response to valid requests by public authorities.

### 8.2. Business Transaction.

If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.

### 8.3. Other cases. 

We may disclose your information also:

1. to our subsidiaries and affiliates;

1. to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;

1. to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;

1. for the purpose of including your company’s logo on our website;

1. for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;

1. with your consent in any other cases;

1. if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, 
our customers, or others.

## 9. Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method 
of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal 
Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## 10. Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (__"Service Providers"__), provide 
Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not 
to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## 11. Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

## 12. CI/CD tools

We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.

## 13. Behavioral Remarketing

We may use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our 
third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

## 14. Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be 
directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party 
sites or services.

For example, the outlined Privacy Policy has been created using [PolicyMaker.io](https://policymaker.io), a free web 
application for generating high-quality legal documents. PolicyMaker’s online privacy policy generator is an 
easy-to-use free tool for creating an excellent privacy policy template for a website, blog, online store or app.

## 15. Children’s Privacy

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 ("__Child__" or "__Children__").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 18. If you become aware that a 
Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data 
from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## 16. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy 
on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and 
update "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are 
effective when they are posted on this page.

## 17. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: 
[office@kodegenix.pl](mailto:office@kodegenix.pl)
